Interesting. A cool little thing I
learned here today that you can put a
variable before and is that true. So
this functionality here is that mean you
can set your constants prior to running
a Python file like that. It's very
interesting. But is that is that how it
works? Like I could if I had seven other
constants in there. I could have a list
of or just like enable H3 order test
equals 1 and then blah blah blah equals
2 and then you run the Python file after
that. Is that is that fact?
777. How are you, bro? David.
Oh, man. That's facts. Cool, dude. Five
years in. Five years in.
Just learned that today,
March 7th.
Let's go over it because let's make sure
I remember this. Yes. What you're doing
there is setting environment variables
variables for just that one command
invocation. Okay.
So enable H3 and then you have your
environment variables.
Okay. So is this environment variables?
Maybe
that means enable H3
does not permanently change their your
shell.
You can set as many as you want.
I see how that's useful.
Enable order test.
Okay. So,
okay. These are for E andV variables
though. It's not like I have a constant
up top that I could change, right? Yeah.
Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. Okay. E
and V, right? In line like this.
fu equals 1 and u to fu python script.p
py only affects environment variables
not python constants directly. So if
your file has my constant equals 10,
that value will stay 10
unless you your code explicitly does
something like import OS constant equals
this constant 10. That's the bridge.
Shell sets env variable. Python reads
env variable. Your code uses it as a the
effective constant. So the pattern's
this.
Okay, that's interesting.
learn something new.